Shipping Company Guohua Industry Co., Ltd. President Yutaka Katata: Thank you for waiting. I will report the situation that you know so far.

The paper you have at hand is exactly like this, but for now, we'll read it aloud.

In this, we manage our vessels headquartered in Germany

A company called Bernhard Schulte Shipmanagement (BSM)

At present, the ship (Kokuka Courageous) is called Khor Fakkan, which is a UAE port,

We have begun work such as towing the Vessel (Kokuka Courageous) with a tag board toward (Khor Fakkan).

As I said yesterday about this matter,

The Vessel (Kokuka Courageous) has been damaged at the rear on the starboard side.

Therefore, all of the crew of the Vessel retired once, taking great care.

Thereafter, with the support of the U.S.

Once again boarding the Vessel, the Vessel

The backup power supply has been restored. Currently, the Kokuka Courageous ship is

The state itself is stable. We will evaluate damage such as comprehensive damage,

There is no possibility of sinking. And

There is no loss of cargo and fuel. One of Kokuka Courageous

There are reports of minor injuries, but this is caused by the shot,

Jump into the sea when you get off or leave,

It is still unknown whether it was damaged at that time because it would jump into the sea.

However, at the time of boarding the U.S. military,

I took care of me, so I have medical treatment

The person is on board now.

The Vessel (Kokuka Courageous) is now in its current position, it is called Fujairah Port الفجيرة

By the way, it is 70 miles to the port of Fujairah and 16 miles offshore of Iran.

In this regard, we all have a branch in Singapore, a German company BSM

Abbreviation for the company Bernhard Schulte Shipmanagement I mentioned earlier.

Through the BSM, we actively monitor the state of Oman Bay,

I will explain it again. that's all.

If you have any questions, we will accept them. Yes.

(Question) The United States has indicated the possibility of a mine attack.

(Answer) Not at all. Because the waterline, the sea, is above the point of contact between the sea surface and the ship

I'm definitely going to go above the water if it's a torpedo.

I think that is a false alarm.

(Question) This is NHK. You have released footage of the U.S. military recall, but have you seen that?

(Answer) We have not entered yet.

(Question) Have you seen the video? (Answer) Yes. On the contrary, I want to see it now

Though it is about. The news has not yet been entered by BSM.

Unfortunately. Not yet (that information).

(Question) Why did you say this was impossible? (Answer) What is impossible?

(Question) Could you tell us why you said there was no mine attack? (Answer) The basis is that the torpedo is below the surface

Because it does not collide on the water surface,

The point where the shell landed is well above the surface of the water. So definitely

I explain that it is not a torpedo.

(Question) Number of attacks

Do you know where the damage is? (Answer) I think I explained yesterday,

The first one is at the back of the ship, near the fuel tank

At first we have landed. The second one was on the deck yesterday, called Manifold

There is a pipe for loading and unloading cargo,

There was information that it landed there,

For now, it was a misinformation. For the second shot,

There is a small hole above the sea surface near the center of

It seems like that, so that's the situation we know now.

(Question) There is a small hole in the side of the ship ... (Answer) It is from the (after the accident) photograph of the ship and everyone

You can see it. It looks like it was not a deck.

(Question) What will be done in the future after the spare power of the Vessel (Kokuka Courageous) is restored? About that point. Will your company review your shipping routes in the future?

(Answer) Now, the seafarer re-boarded on board, as I said yesterday,

By injecting CO2 into the engine room to prevent fire

So, in order to operate the regular generator etc. again,

The only way to do this is to emit that CO2 overboard before you can enter the ship.

Doing that first is the first problem.

And the spare power supply is in another place.

There are also types, so you can move them and use them

Well, I started by moving such things first.

(Question) What about then?

(Answer) Since then, this ship will carry 225,000 tons of methanol.

The problem of restoration is, of course,

As I wrote, it's called Call Fakkan.

Towing this (Call Fakkan) direction, if there is an appropriate port,

Authority, if you get permission from the Port Authority

We are preparing to reload your luggage.

(Question) When is it going to be?

(Answer) I can not predict at all. One tugboat is still small,

It is a situation where (the ship) cannot run. In the meantime, a US ship is nearby

Escort me, fly a helicopter over the ship, and

He / she assists you not to be attacked.

(Question) As your company, the impact on the operation of

(Answer) There is a possibility that it will come out, but at the moment, the route selection will be reviewed

From the Gulf of Persia, when it comes to carrying luggage, including crude oil, unless this route is closed

The ship will be operated with the consent of the seafarers.

(Question) Do you transfer goods to your ship?

(Answer) It is not necessarily our ship. Anyway, I want to find the earliest ship and transship to that ship.

(Question) Do you outsource operations to another company?

(Answer) Which operation?

(Question) Ship operation.

(Answer) No, we do not entrust our ship to another company.

(Question) So, you mean chartering?

(Answer) Yes. Because they charter and transship to another ship.



(Question) About the situation where the crew was attacked

(Answer) There is no direct communication from the BSM or the seafarers regarding the matter.

Once we arrived at a safe port, we returned from BSM Singapore

We send supervisors etc. and issue reports including information on the situation.

(Question) Is Khor Fakkan the UAE?

(Answer) Khor Fakkan is described as Oman (in the distributed material), but there is the Gulf of Oman and it is UAE.

(Question) Indicate where the second shell (receiving place) was received in the photo because it was different from the announcement yesterday

(Answer) The first shot is around here, apart from starboard and port. The second shot is around here.

You mentioned a torpedo earlier, but the torpedo has this ship and the sea surface, only below this boundary

Since torpedoes do not go, what we received (attack) is just above this. Since both shots are above

The torpedo has no chance. (Question) Is it the same for mines as for torpedoes? (I'm talking about torpedoes) Is it the same for mines?

(Answer) Mines are just floating in the water. Floating or submerged a little below sea level, just put the ship's moisture at a depth and explode when touched

No damage at sea level.

(Question) Is there anything (explosives) to be pasted on the side?

(Answer) What does that mean?

(Question) Like a timed bomb

(answer)

The crew of the Vessel says that he was "killed (attacked)" by a bomb.

I don't think about sticking or time bombs.

(Question) Does it mean that the crew is talking about flying objects?

(Answer) Yes.

(Question) Does the crew see the attack?

(Answer) Yes. I am watching. I do not understand the first shot.

(Question) Are you watching?

(Answer) Yes. The second shot.

(Question) What about the first shot?

(Answer) I don't know. "Something seems to have flown."

There was a report that the explosion had a hole in the hull.

(Question) That is the first shot. Did you definitely confirm that the second shot flew visually?

(Answer) Yes. Not everyone saw it. Because people on the bridge see it.

(Question) So, do you mean that you were attacked by something that flew?

(Answer) Yes, it is.

(Question) Do you know the size of the flying object?

(Answer) I don't know at all.

(Question) How fast was the speed?

(Answer) They can't judge themselves and they don't understand.

(Question) What is the size of the hole caused by flying objects? How much

(Answer) I haven't looked into it yet.

(Question) Are the first and second shots one each?

(Answer) One by one.

(Question) Is the first shot on the starboard rear?

(Answer) Yes.

(Question) The second shot is on the port side (Answer) Near the center. Yes yes

(Answer) (Revision) Right now, starboard and port ... I feel like they were on the same side as seen from the pictures. Again, we're sorry,

We will check again, so as soon as we understand it,

Please let everyone know.

(Question) Is the first shot (where the attack was made) on the starboard side on the rear, and the second shot on the port side?

(Answer) I don't know if they are the same.

Let me check again there. Check the location. It is certain that we received the second shot.

(Question) Is the first shot on the port side?

(Answer) From the photograph, it was starboard. (But I'm not sure)

That's once again, at the point when the ship

Once again, the phone, the satellite phone they have, etc.

I will check it.

(Question) What direction did you fly?

(Answer) I don't know. I don't know this at all.

Of course, because I ’m running,

I'm guessed, though.

(Question) I'd like to confirm, is it safe to say that you were on the starboard side of the first attack trace, and do you need to confirm?

(Answer) No, check both (the position of the two attacks). Yes. I ’ll confirm, but I ’m

As far as I can remember, (the first attack) was behind the port

(Question) What did you see and remember?

(Answer) Look at the photo.

(Question) Is it a public photo? (Answer) Yes. Yes.

(Question) Is that about the first attack? (Answer) Yes, it is.



(Question) The second shot looks like a port (answer) (same port as the first shot) as far as the picture shows.

(Question) Is the paper (handout) you received on the first day wrong? (Answer) It may be wrong.

(Question) About the direction that flew ... (Answer) Until then, I have not checked. I'm sorry.

(Question) How many US Navy escorts are there? (Answer) There is no report on the number of vessels.

(Answer) There is no report on whether it is one or two ships.

(Question) What is the escort of a helicopter? (Answer) We have received the escort of a helicopter flying off the US warship.

(Question) Did you see an Iranian ship around? (Answer) There was an Iranian warship.

(Question) Does that mean that Iranian warships were around when the crew were rescued?

(Answer) Yes. At that point, Iran was around.

(Question) How is it currently being towed (by tugboat)?

(Answer) To that point, (information) has not yet entered.

(Question) Are American warships quite close (of the ship being towed)?

(Answer) Of course, they are running right next to the ship

(Question) Do you mean running in parallel? (Answer) Because it is not running at the same time,

(Answer) 1 knots and 2 knots are only as fast as you walk now

(Question) Does it feel like it is attached to the tag board? (Answer) Yes

(Answer) And now, through BSM and insurance companies

Requesting

Schmidt, a salvage company in the Netherlands

This company prepares a ship with a large horsepower and reaches the ship

That means that we are working

Within 24 to 36 hours from now on, we have talked about reaching the ship and restarting towing again.

(Question) The handout document states that he is being towed,

(Answer) We are towing a small boat. (Question) so it's slow

(Question) Is it OK that the Vessel has restored the backup power supply? (Answer) Yes. It has been restored.

(Question) The crew is boarding the ship because I can live on the ship. (Answer) You can live in your residential area.

(Answer) However, the engine room cannot be entered yet.

(Question) Is it OK that the engine room is not moving? (Answer) Yes.

(Question) Vessel is unable to navigate on its own. (Answer) I haven't entered that far yet.

(Question) When will you start injecting CO2 into the engine room?

(Answer) This is already done. There is a risk of fire when they escape, so first inject CO2 to prevent fire and fire spread

Injected for fire suppression.

(Question) I confirmed the ship of the Iran Revolutionary Defense Force ... (Answer) I have not confirmed it!

(Answer) Where did that story come from?

(Question) You mentioned earlier. (Answer) Is it a warship? I'm not saying Iranian Revolutionary Army!

(Question) Did you see the Iranian warship? (Answer) Yes.

(Question) When did you see the Iranian warship? (Answer) Since yesterday night of Japan time.

(Question) Isn't he seeing (Iranian warships) when rescuing the crew?

(Answer) At that time (Iranian warships) are not coming.

(Question) Did you give any instructions from the Iranian warships? (Answer) No. Because we have not received it at all.

(Question) How far is the Iranian warship? (Answer) Also, because they should be talking to the US military, they will not send any news to you.



(Question) Will you add a tugboat and tow in the future?

(Answer) I'm asking Schmidt (salvage company) to bring one or two ships nearby as soon as possible.

(Question) One of the crew members was injured. When was the point of the injury?

(Answer) I don't know.

(Question) In which country is the methanol in the cargo? (Answer) Singapore and Thailand.

(Question) Please explain the location of the first attack, the second attack, and the location of the engine room with photos.

(Answer) The engine room is located below this residential area, but slightly behind. This is the first shot.

(Question) You are pointing to the port side, but ... (Answer) The boat in this photo shows only the port side.

(Answer) Probably it was port. Please do not pursue it because it has not been confirmed.

(Question) Is that all right? (Answer) Yes.

(Answer) The second shot is around here. Near the center of the ship.

(Question) Is the second shot the opposite? (Answer) Yes. We will announce to you once more details are clear.

(Question) Is the hole not like a bullet, but a hole like a bullet?

(Answer) I do not know this.

(Answer) If it's a burst or a penetrating bullet, I feel like a penetrating bullet.

(Answer) If it is a blast, it should have exploded and harmed to various places. It is only an estimate. Guess.

(Question) It is unclear whether it is on the starboard side or on the port side. Is the first damage at the rear part of the hole open?

(Answer) I don't know yet. Since there are not multiple holes but one hole, it is not known what shape it is.

(Question) From the US military, about the cause ...

(Answer) What is the cause?

(Question) The U.S. military has already released videos and photos with holes in the hull. It is alleged that a wearable explosive was recovered in the video.

(Answer) I do not see the video. We are collecting information now.

(Question) Last month (May 12, 2019) There is a similar thing that happened in the UAE, but the United States cares.

(Question) Is there such a thing?

(Answer) What is attached?

(Question) Do you check if there is something like a torpedo mounted on the hull?

(Answer) No. In general, we sail beyond our ships. Probably none of the ships are running while checking for wearable explosives.

(Question) There is almost no such possibility ... (Answer) I do not think.

(Question) Isn't it possible to attach explosives at the time of loading? ?

(Answer) Since we are loading (loading) in Saudi Arabia, I think it is almost impossible to imagine.

(Answer) As I mentioned earlier, there is a report that you have been damaged by a flying object, so I think it is not a wearing thing.

(Question) You are a flying object. Did you see more than one person? (Answer) We do not confirm the number of people. I've heard that there are people who have seen it.

(Question)? (Answer) There is no report.

(Question) Did you see an Iranian warship mean that the crew did? (Answer) Of course it is.

(Question) Could you explain what is important about the strait for the shipping industry?

(Answer) The importance of the strait? Of the route? If you don't go through it, you will not be able to transport the gasoline and heavy oil we use, such as UEA. Japan is also a lifeline.

(Question) What about navigation other than the ship that had this incident?

(Answer) Are we our ships? Or do you include other ships? As long as no serious incidents occur at this point,

With the consent of the seafarers, we plan to operate the ship to Saudi Arabia as well.

(Question) Does it mean that you can't leave? (Answer) Yes.

(Question) Looking at the shape of the hole you made, were you guessing it was a penetrating bullet? (Answer) It's in the middle ...

At the rear, no damage is visible. It's just black (in the photo).

(Question) Is the penetrating bullet a round hole? (Answer) Yes. Looks round.

(Question) How many ships are you operating in the surrounding waters now?

(Answer) Three ships. There are three ships including this one.

(Question) Are you trying to get seafarers' consent to sail?

(Answer) With the ship's consent,

It is our proposition to ensure the safety of sailors' lives, so if they say they ca n’t go

You may have to give up your ship.

(Question) What is the most recent time that is planned? (Answer) Currently, it is at the end of this month.

(Question) Are the other two vessels waiting somewhere? (Answer) One ship is in the dock.

(Question) Is the tonnage of the hull the largest among your tankers? (Answer) No, not the largest, but the third.

(Question) Will you take additional defense measures in order to navigate this area in the future?

(Answer) I don't know. I don't know what it is yet.

(Question) Is that under consideration? Do you mean that you are considering strengthening security?

(Answer) Since this is not something we can do alone, including cooperation with other companies

And then discuss all related matters, such as governments, insurance companies, etc.

If the insurance company says that you will not have insurance if you pass through the Strait of Hormuz, the company will be crushed in the event of an emergency

It will not be able to operate.

(Question) Did you see an untrustworthy ship approaching on the ship's radar?

(Answer) We haven't been able to investigate it yet.

(Question) Is there any information such as an untrusted ship approaching? (Answer) Absolutely.

(Question) Is there a message in the updated record of the ship that you are about to attack now, or is there a statement of responsibility committed to the company after the fact?

(Answer) No.

(Question) Isn't it a warship when the crew looks at an Iranian ship?

(Answer) Maybe Iranian Navy. Confirmation has not been taken.

Previously, it was not the same event, the bombing event, but there were such cases at other times, so I guess it is probably the case.

(Question) Is there no communication when you see it? (Answer) We can't communicate with the ship, and we can't.

(Question) (Iranian army) talking to the US military? (Answer) Talking to the U.S. Army means that our BSM

Although the contents are of course kept completely confidential, it seems that (here) the talk that I'm doing (the talks between the Iranian army and the US military) is here.

(Question) Does it mean to put a rising sun flag or a Japanese flag on a ship? (Answer) No. Since this ship is a Panama flag, it carries the Panama flag.

(Question) Is it unlikely that you intentionally attacked because it is a Japanese ship?

(Answer) Unless we do a good survey, we do not know that the operator is Japan, so we do not think that we attacked because it is Japan.

(Question) Via a Dutch ship?



(Question) 4 explosives in May 2019 (2 tankers registered in Saudi Arabia, 1 oil tanker registered in Norway, and 1 bunker ship (fuel tanker) registered in United Arab Emirates) There is an incident,

You mentioned that the MLIT had made a cautionary recommendation, but what was the next step?

(Answer) Not taken. We don't think it would be almost impossible to put explosives in such places as the ship approached while sailing.

We will be happy to announce when new information comes in, thank you.
